docs(secrets-management): update docs with vault rotation and some small adjustments (#5779)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/kong-enterprise/secrets-management/advanced-usage.md

`vaults.description` *optional* | Description | An optional description for your vault.
`vaults.name` | N/A | The type of vault. Accepts one of: `env`, `gcp`, `aws`, or `hcv`.
`vaults.prefix` | Prefix | The reference prefix. You need this prefix to access secrets stored in this vault. For example, `{vault://my-env-vault/<some-secret>}`.

Most of the vaults also support secret rotation by using TTLs:

Parameter | Field name | Description
----------|------------|------------

> `vaults.config.ttl` | **TTL** | Time-to-live (in seconds) of a secret from the vault when cached by this node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`vaults.config.ttl` | **TTL** | Time-to-live (in seconds) of a secret from the vault when cached.
```
"This node" seems to be ambiguous and I don't think it helps understanding the parameter better.

`vaults.config.neg_ttl` | **Negative TTL** | Time-to-live (in seconds) of a vault miss (no secret).

> `vaults.config.resurrect_ttl` | **Resurrect TTL** | Time (in seconds) for which stale secrets should be resurrected forwhen they cannot be refreshed (e.g., the vault is unreachable).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`vaults.config.resurrect_ttl` | **Resurrect TTL** | Time (in seconds) for how long previous secret values should remained in use when they cannot be refreshed (e.g., the vault is unreachable).
```
I'm not sure about my suggestion though, and partly it is because I'm stumbling over the word "resurrect" - it does not seem quite the right word, as the secret is not really going out of business to then be resurrected.  From the user's perspective, it would be clearer if the configuration parameter would be something like `stale_ttl`.

Author: The terminology comes from (it is easier to follow same parameter name as it can be passed directly to mlcache):
https://github.com/thibaultcha/lua-resty-mlcache#get

Parameter | Field name | Description
----------|------------|------------

> `vaults.config.ttl` | **TTL** | Time-to-live (in seconds) of a secret from the vault when cached by this node.

Reviewer 2: Do we need to mention the default values in seconds for `ttl`s?

Reviewer 3: It has no default value but it is constrained to between 0 seconds and 3 years.

> `vaults.config.neg_ttl` | **Negative TTL** | Time-to-live (in seconds) of a vault miss (no secret).

Reviewer 2: I believe the `neg_ttl` description could be expanded more to make it clearer.
For example by adding something like the below explanation (if the below explanation is correct),
```
negatively cached secrets will remain valid until neg_ttl is reached, after which Kong will attempt to refresh the secret again
```

Reviewer 3: added this to the description in all fields.

> `vaults.config.ttl` | **TTL** | Time-to-live (in seconds) of a secret from the vault when cached. The special value of 0 means "no rotation", and it is the default. When using non-zero values, it is recommended that they are at least 1 minute.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`vaults.config.ttl` | **TTL** | Time-to-live (in seconds) of a secret from the vault when it's cached. The special value of 0 means "no rotation" and it's the default. When using non-zero values, it is recommended that they're at least 1 minute.
```
For the "it is recommended that they're at least 1 minute", does that mean they should be in minute increments? So "2" is okay but not "2.6"? Or just that they shouldn't be anything less than "1"?

> `vaults.config.resurrect_ttl` | **Resurrect TTL** | Time (in seconds) for how long previous secret values should remained in use when they cannot be refreshed (e.g., the vault is unreachable).

Reviewer 5: What about replacing the last paragraph with something like:

>  It is recommended to assign a sufficiently high value to this configuration option to ensure a seamless transition in cases of unexpected issues with the Vault.

> `vaults.config.resurrect_ttl` | **Resurrect TTL** | Time (in seconds) for how long previous secret values should remained in use when they cannot be refreshed (e.g., the vault is unreachable).

Reviewer 5: A alternative description (maybe too long?)

> The resurrect_ttl parameter specifies the time (in seconds) that a secret will continue to be used after it has expired (i.e., after config.ttl is over). This functionality is particularly useful in scenarios where a vault becomes unreachable or when a secret is deleted from the Vault and not immediately replaced.
> 
> In both cases, the Gateway will continue to attempt to refresh the secret for a duration specified by resurrect_ttl seconds. Once this time period has elapsed, the system will cease its attempts to refresh the secret.
> 
> It is recommended to configure this value with a sufficiently high number to ensure that temporary failures in communication with the Vault or delayed secret replacement do not disrupt system operations. By doing so, you can maintain a more resilient and fault-tolerant system.
